Add details of interactions between notifications and loops (#597)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/playbook_guide/playbooks_handlers.rst

In the above example the handlers are executed on task change in the following order: ``Restart memcached``, ``Restart apache``. Handlers are executed in the order they are defined in the ``handlers`` section, not in the order listed in the ``notify`` statement. Notifying the same handler multiple times will result in executing the handler only once regardless of how many tasks notify it. For example, if multiple tasks update a configuration file and notify a handler to restart Apache, Ansible only bounces Apache once to avoid unnecessary restarts.

Notifying and loops
-------------------

> Tasks can use loops to notify handlers, this is particularly useful when combined with variables to trigger multiple dynamic notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tasks can use loops to notify handlers. This is particularly useful when combined with variables to trigger multiple dynamic notifications.
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
    - name: Template services
      ansible.builtin.template:
        src: "{{ item }}.j2"
        dest: /etc/systemd/system/{{ item }}.service

>       notify: Restart {{ item }}

Reviewer: Is this missing the actual loop?

```suggestion
      notify: Restart {{ item }}
      loop:
        - memcached
        - apache
```

    handlers:
      - name: Restart memcached
        ansible.builtin.service:
          name: memcached
          state: restarted

      - name: Restart apache
        ansible.builtin.service:
          name: apache
          state: restarted

> It is important to note that the notifications are triggered if the task as a whole is changed, for loops that is if any loop item changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the handlers are triggered if the task as a whole is changed, for loops that is if any loop item changes.
```

In the above example the handlers are executed on task change in the following order: ``Restart memcached``, ``Restart apache``. Handlers are executed in the order they are defined in the ``handlers`` section, not in the order listed in the ``notify`` statement. Notifying the same handler multiple times will result in executing the handler only once regardless of how many tasks notify it. For example, if multiple tasks update a configuration file and notify a handler to restart Apache, Ansible only bounces Apache once to avoid unnecessary restarts.

Notifying and loops
-------------------

Tasks can use loops to notify handlers. This is particularly useful when combined with variables to trigger multiple dynamic notifications.

.. code-block:: yaml

    tasks:
    - name: Template services
      ansible.builtin.template:
        src: "{{ item }}.j2"
        dest: /etc/systemd/system/{{ item }}.service

>       notify: Restart {{ item }}

Reviewer 2: I would also add a comment inside the example, like this:
```suggestion
      # Note: if *any* loop iteration triggers a change, *all* handlers
      # for this loop are run!
      notify: Restart {{ item }}
```

Author: :+1:

      loop:
        - memcached
        - apache

    handlers:
      - name: Restart memcached
        ansible.builtin.service:
          name: memcached
          state: restarted

      - name: Restart apache
        ansible.builtin.service:
          name: apache
          state: restarted

Note that the handlers are triggered if the task as a whole is changed, for loops that is if any loop item changes.

> In the above example both memcached and apache will be restarted if either template file is changed, neither will be restarted if no file changes.

Reviewer 2: Since this behavior is pretty surprising (at least to me, and apparently also to the folks who created the issues in ansible/ansible) I would suggest moving this paragraph before the example, so that you read this before looking at the example. Right now when starting to read this new section, I might just look at the first paragraph and then at the example and then stop, getting the completely wrong impression of what is happening.

Author: Thanks, I shifted it up and rewrote it slightly.
